The Internet is changing
Traditional online services that require credit cards
and other types of payment processes are centralized
We call this Web 2.0
Web 3.0 allows the end user
to be their own bank and provide an extra layer
of privacy compared to traditional e-commerce
service providers can now charge for their products
using crypto currencies
while cutting out the middleman completely
In order to facilitate these transactions consumers
like yourself use digital wallets capable of storing and spending
electronic cash otherwise known as crypto currency
the QNEKT wallet is a Web 3.0 capable extension
that allows users to access decentralized finance and other types of services
built on the QTUM blockchain
Users familiar with similar wallet should have an easy time understanding how it works
If you're new to Web 3.0
it's important to understand that holding the keys to your own
crypto currency comes with some risk
there's no support number you
can call if you lose access to your wallet
This is why it's very important to take the necessary steps
to secure your digital wallet because whoever controls
the private keys to the wallet controls the funds
These private keys are a bit technical and clunky to work with
the new users
so for simplicity sake they are represented by
unique set of 12 words called a recovery phrase securing
Securing your recovery phrase and controlling your own Cryptocurrency is called
self custody
it's important to never share these 12 words
with anyone online even if the website looks legitimate
it may just be trying to lure you into giving access to your coins
There are many products available for safe storage of these keys
but just remember to write down
multiple copies of these words and keep them private
Be sure to restore your wallet at least once with this phrase
so you certainly wrote the words down correctly before you
start moving funds around